= Topic Preview for phpBB3

This is a MOD for phpBB3 that will display an excerpt from the first post of a topic when the user hovers their mouse over the topic's title. Topic previews are displayed using the browser's built-in tooltip ability. The length of text shown in the preview can be defined in the Admin Control Panel. Forum members can also disable the topic previews if they prefer not to see them.

Topic Preview for phpBB3 is much more simplified than other similar MODs (no javascript or css needed), and is designed to mimic the vBulletin method. However, optional add-ons are included for more stylized topic previews using jQuery and CSS.

Current valid release available from phpBB:
*https://www.phpbb.com/customise/db/mod/topic_preview

== Features

* Let your visitors peek at what's inside a topic before they click on it!
* Uses the browser's built-in tooltip (no javascript or css needed)
* The last word in the tooltip will not be cut off
* Hover the mouse anywhere in the topic's title row to see the preview (Prosilver styles only)
* Topic previews appear in new topics, your topics, unanswered topics, search results, etc.
* Smileys are displayed as text :)
* BBcode tags and URL links are removed for a cleaner text-only appearance
* Option to set the topic preview's character limit or disable the MOD
* Option to define BBcodes whose contents you want removed from the Topic Preview
* User option for users to disable the feature
* Does not significantly impact server load (no additional db queries)
* Prosilver and Subsilver2 compatible
* Add-ons for several Topic Preview themes (TipTip, qTip2, mbTooltip)
* Works with with Precise Similar Topics (optional)
* Works with with Board3 Portal (optional)
* Works with with NV Recent Topics (optional)
* Supports English, Czech, Dutch, German, Italian, Polish, Romanian, Spanish
* Supports AutoMOD installation

== Awards

Featured MOD of the Week in the phpBB Weekly Podcast, episode #143.

== SUPPORT

* Report any bugs or problems you encounter to the issue tracker: https://github.com/VSEphpbb/topic_preview/issues
* Support is also available at phpBB: https://www.phpbb.com/customise/db/mod/topic_preview/support

== REQUIREMENTS

* phpBB 3.0.6 or newer recommended.

== LICENSE

GNU General Public License v2